[processor/cumulativetodelta] make first point drop configurable (#21905)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: processor/cumulativetodeltaprocessor/README.md

- `include`: List of metrics names or patterns to convert to delta.
- `exclude`: List of metrics names or patterns to not convert to delta.  **If a metric name matches both include and exclude, exclude takes precedence.**
- `max_staleness`: The total time a state entry will live past the time it was last seen. Set to 0 to retain state indefinitely. Default: 0

> - `initial_value`: Handling of the first observed point for a given metric identity. Default: `auto`.

Reviewer: Can you add to the README why someone might choose `drop` vs `keep` vs `auto`.

Author: I've added some guidance.

>   - `auto`: send iff the startime is set AND the starttime happens after the component started AND the starttime is different from the timestamp.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `auto`: send if and only if the startime is set AND the starttime happens after the component started AND the starttime is different from the timestamp.
```

as much as I love the `iff` notation, probably best to write the whole thing out in case people are unfamiliar with it.
